Update `variadic-functions` concept docs (#3062)
exercism/go: concepts/variadic-functions/about.md

# About

Typically, functions accept only a fixed number of arguments.

> Prefix the last parameter's type with `...` to accept any number of trailing arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you prefix the last parameter's type with `...`, the function can accept any number of trailing arguments.
This makes the last parameter a _variadic parameter_.
```

```go
func sum(nums ...int) int {
    total := 0
    for _, n := range nums {
        total += n
    }
    return total
}
```

Inside the function, the variadic parameter is a slice:

```go
sum(1, 2, 3)    // nums is []int{1, 2, 3}
sum(1, 2, 3, 4) // nums is []int{1, 2, 3, 4}
sum()           // nums is []int{}
```

> A function can have non-variadic parameters before the variadic one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function can have non-variadic parameters before the variadic one.
A function have at most one variadic parameter and it must be the last parameter.
```
